tiktok-uploader/README.md, before:

# Uploader

Multi-account, queue-based social uploader (TikTok implemented first) with a web UI and a CLI.

## What This Version Adds

- Internal app login (single-operator mode)
- Persistent connected TikTok accounts (not cookie-only)
- Account picker for uploads
- Draft-first upload mode with optional direct mode
- Video and slideshow (image set) post types
- Production fallback for TikTok slideshows (auto-fallback to generated video if native slideshow init fails)
- Bulk queue + batch dispatch with retries and throttling
- Upload history + queue management
- CLI support for single uploads and CSV batch ingestion
- Multi-provider architecture with TikTok + Instagram + YouTube + Facebook live

## Tech

- Next.js App Router
- Prisma + SQLite
- Typed provider and queue services

## Setup

1. Install dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

2. Configure env vars in `.env.local`:

```bash
NEXT_PUBLIC_APP_URL=http://localhost:3000

# TikTok app credentials
TIKTOK_CLIENT_KEY=...
TIKTOK_CLIENT_SECRET=...

# Internal app auth bootstrap user
APP_USER_EMAIL=you@company.com
APP_USER_PASSWORD=strong-password

# Token encryption secret (passphrase or base64 32-byte key)
ENCRYPTION_KEY=change-me

# Optional overrides
DATABASE_URL=file:./prisma/dev.db
UPLOADS_DIR=./uploads
QUEUE_GLOBAL_CONCURRENCY=5
QUEUE_ACCOUNT_CONCURRENCY=2
UPLOAD_FAILURE_WEBHOOK_URLS=https://hooks.slack.com/services/xxx,https://example.com/webhook
RETRY_MAX_TIKTOK=4
RETRY_MAX_INSTAGRAM=3
RETRY_MAX_YOUTUBE=4
RETRY_MAX_FACEBOOK=3
TIKTOK_SLIDESHOW_FALLBACK=video
SLIDESHOW_FALLBACK_FRAME_SECONDS=1.2
INSTAGRAM_GRAPH_VERSION=v24.0
FACEBOOK_GRAPH_VERSION=v24.0

# OAuth app credentials
YOUTUBE_CLIENT_ID=
YOUTUBE_CLIENT_SECRET=
GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID=
GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET=
FACEBOOK_APP_ID=
FACEBOOK_APP_SECRET=
INSTAGRAM_APP_ID=
INSTAGRAM_APP_SECRET=
```

3. Push schema to SQLite:

```bash
npm run db:push
```

4. Start the app:

```bash
npm run dev
```

5. Open [http://localhost:3000/login](http://localhost:3000/login)

## Web Workflow

1. Login with `APP_USER_EMAIL` / `APP_USER_PASSWORD`
2. Go to `Accounts` and click `Connect TikTok`
3. Authorize account(s)
   - TikTok: OAuth via `Connect TikTok`
   - Instagram: OAuth button (`/api/auth/instagram`) or token connect
   - YouTube: OAuth button (`/api/auth/youtube`) or token connect
   - Facebook: OAuth button (`/api/auth/facebook`) or token connect
4. Go to `Compose`
5. Select account + mode + post type
6. Add posts to tray
7. Click `Send All`
8. Track progress in `Queue` and `History`

## CLI

CLI entrypoint is installed as `uploader` (bin maps to `src/bin/uploader.mjs`).

### Create API key

```bash
uploader auth:token:create \
  --email you@company.com \
  --password strong-password \
  --base-url http://localhost:3000
```

### List connected accounts

```bash
uploader accounts:list --provider tiktok
```

```bash
uploader accounts:connect-instagram \
  --instagram-user-id <IG_USER_ID> \
  --access-token <GRAPH_ACCESS_TOKEN>
```

```bash
uploader accounts:connect-youtube \
  --access-token <YOUTUBE_ACCESS_TOKEN>
```

```bash
uploader accounts:connect-facebook \
  --page-id <FACEBOOK_PAGE_ID> \
  --access-token <FACEBOOK_PAGE_ACCESS_TOKEN>
```

```bash
uploader accounts:oauth-instagram
uploader accounts:oauth-youtube
uploader accounts:oauth-facebook
```

### Queue one video

```bash
uploader upload:file \
  --account <connected_account_id> \
  --caption "Caption text #tags" \
  --file ../edit-maker/output/feature_001.mp4 \
  --mode draft \
  --schedule-at "2026-03-05T18:30:00Z"
```

### Queue one slideshow

```bash
uploader upload:slideshow \
  --account <connected_account_id> \
  --caption "Slideshow caption" \
  --images ./a.jpg,./b.jpg,./c.jpg \
  --mode draft
```

### Queue a CSV batch

```bash
uploader upload:batch \
  --csv ./posts.csv \
  --root ../edit-maker/output \
  --send-now
```

### Job control

```bash
uploader jobs:list --status queued,running,failed
uploader jobs:retry --batch <batch_id>
uploader jobs:cancel --batch <batch_id>
```

## CSV Schema

Required columns:

- `file_type` (`video` or `slideshow`)
- `account_id`
- `mode` (`draft` or `direct`)
- `caption`

Video rows:

- `video_path`

Slideshow rows:

- `image_paths` (semicolon-separated ordered paths)

Optional columns:

- `platform` (defaults to `tiktok`)
- `client_ref`
- `schedule_at` (currently ignored)
  - `schedule_at` supports scheduled dispatch (ISO timestamp or local datetime string)

Example:

```csv
file_type,account_id,mode,caption,video_path,image_paths,platform,client_ref
video,cmabc123,draft,"Post 1 #fyp",feature_001.mp4,,tiktok,job-001
slideshow,cmabc123,draft,"Post 2 #tips",,slide1.jpg;slide2.jpg;slide3.jpg,tiktok,job-002
```

## Notes

- Draft mode is default everywhere.
- Instagram currently supports `direct` video/Reels mode only.
- YouTube currently supports `direct` video uploads only (uploaded as private by default).
- Facebook currently supports `direct` page video uploads only.
- Duplicate prevention uses idempotency hash (media + caption + mode + account).
- Retries are exponential backoff for retryable errors.
- Retry policy is provider-specific and configurable with `RETRY_*` env vars.
- Compose includes bulk caption tools (prepend/append/find-replace) and slideshow image reordering.
- Accounts page surfaces automated token-expiry warnings (`expires soon` / `needs reauth`).
- Providers with refresh support (TikTok, YouTube, Instagram/Facebook long-lived exchange) attempt automatic token renewal during uploads.
- Final job failures can push webhook notifications via `UPLOAD_FAILURE_WEBHOOK_URLS`.

Commit message:

feat(auth): add dev bypass mode and sandbox troubleshooting docs

tiktok-uploader/README.md, after:

# Uploader

Multi-account, queue-based social uploader (TikTok implemented first) with a web UI and a CLI.

## What This Version Adds

- Internal app login (single-operator mode, bypassable in dev)
- Persistent connected TikTok accounts (not cookie-only)
- Account picker for uploads
- Draft-first upload mode with optional direct mode
- Video and slideshow (image set) post types
- Production fallback for TikTok slideshows (auto-fallback to generated video if native slideshow init fails)
- Bulk queue + batch dispatch with retries and throttling
- Upload history + queue management
- CLI support for single uploads and CSV batch ingestion
- Multi-provider architecture with TikTok + Instagram + YouTube + Facebook live

## Tech

- Next.js App Router
- Prisma + SQLite
- Typed provider and queue services

## Setup

1. Install dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

2. Configure env vars in `.env.local`:

```bash
NEXT_PUBLIC_APP_URL=http://localhost:3000

# TikTok app credentials
TIKTOK_CLIENT_KEY=...
TIKTOK_CLIENT_SECRET=...

# Internal app auth bootstrap user (required when AUTH_BYPASS is off)
APP_USER_EMAIL=you@company.com
APP_USER_PASSWORD=strong-password

# Optional auth bypass (enabled by default in non-production unless explicitly false)
# AUTH_BYPASS=true
# AUTH_BYPASS_EMAIL=operator@local

# Token encryption secret (passphrase or base64 32-byte key)
ENCRYPTION_KEY=change-me

# Optional overrides
DATABASE_URL=file:./prisma/dev.db
UPLOADS_DIR=./uploads
QUEUE_GLOBAL_CONCURRENCY=5
QUEUE_ACCOUNT_CONCURRENCY=2
UPLOAD_FAILURE_WEBHOOK_URLS=https://hooks.slack.com/services/xxx,https://example.com/webhook
RETRY_MAX_TIKTOK=4
RETRY_MAX_INSTAGRAM=3
RETRY_MAX_YOUTUBE=4
RETRY_MAX_FACEBOOK=3
TIKTOK_SLIDESHOW_FALLBACK=video
SLIDESHOW_FALLBACK_FRAME_SECONDS=1.2
INSTAGRAM_GRAPH_VERSION=v24.0
FACEBOOK_GRAPH_VERSION=v24.0

# OAuth app credentials
YOUTUBE_CLIENT_ID=
YOUTUBE_CLIENT_SECRET=
GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID=
GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET=
FACEBOOK_APP_ID=
FACEBOOK_APP_SECRET=
INSTAGRAM_APP_ID=
INSTAGRAM_APP_SECRET=
```

3. Push schema to SQLite:

```bash
npm run db:push
```

4. Start the app:

```bash
npm run dev
```

5. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)

## Web Workflow

1. If auth bypass is disabled, login with `APP_USER_EMAIL` / `APP_USER_PASSWORD`
2. Go to `Accounts` and click `Connect TikTok`
3. Authorize account(s)
   - TikTok: OAuth via `Connect TikTok`
   - Instagram: OAuth button (`/api/auth/instagram`) or token connect
   - YouTube: OAuth button (`/api/auth/youtube`) or token connect
   - Facebook: OAuth button (`/api/auth/facebook`) or token connect
4. Go to `Compose`
5. Select account + mode + post type
6. Add posts to tray
7. Click `Send All`
8. Track progress in `Queue` and `History`

## CLI

CLI entrypoint is installed as `uploader` (bin maps to `src/bin/uploader.mjs`).

### Create API key

```bash
uploader auth:token:create \
  --email you@company.com \
  --password strong-password \
  --base-url http://localhost:3000
```

### List connected accounts

```bash
uploader accounts:list --provider tiktok
```

```bash
uploader accounts:connect-instagram \
  --instagram-user-id <IG_USER_ID> \
  --access-token <GRAPH_ACCESS_TOKEN>
```

```bash
uploader accounts:connect-youtube \
  --access-token <YOUTUBE_ACCESS_TOKEN>
```

```bash
uploader accounts:connect-facebook \
  --page-id <FACEBOOK_PAGE_ID> \
  --access-token <FACEBOOK_PAGE_ACCESS_TOKEN>
```

```bash
uploader accounts:oauth-instagram
uploader accounts:oauth-youtube
uploader accounts:oauth-facebook
```

### Queue one video

```bash
uploader upload:file \
  --account <connected_account_id> \
  --caption "Caption text #tags" \
  --file ../edit-maker/output/feature_001.mp4 \
  --mode draft \
  --schedule-at "2026-03-05T18:30:00Z"
```

### Queue one slideshow

```bash
uploader upload:slideshow \
  --account <connected_account_id> \
  --caption "Slideshow caption" \
  --images ./a.jpg,./b.jpg,./c.jpg \
  --mode draft
```

### Queue a CSV batch

```bash
uploader upload:batch \
  --csv ./posts.csv \
  --root ../edit-maker/output \
  --send-now
```

### Job control

```bash
uploader jobs:list --status queued,running,failed
uploader jobs:retry --batch <batch_id>
uploader jobs:cancel --batch <batch_id>
```

## CSV Schema

Required columns:

- `file_type` (`video` or `slideshow`)
- `account_id`
- `mode` (`draft` or `direct`)
- `caption`

Video rows:

- `video_path`

Slideshow rows:

- `image_paths` (semicolon-separated ordered paths)

Optional columns:

- `platform` (defaults to `tiktok`)
- `client_ref`
- `schedule_at` (currently ignored)
  - `schedule_at` supports scheduled dispatch (ISO timestamp or local datetime string)

Example:

```csv
file_type,account_id,mode,caption,video_path,image_paths,platform,client_ref
video,cmabc123,draft,"Post 1 #fyp",feature_001.mp4,,tiktok,job-001
slideshow,cmabc123,draft,"Post 2 #tips",,slide1.jpg;slide2.jpg;slide3.jpg,tiktok,job-002
```

## Notes

- Draft mode is default everywhere.
- Auth bypass defaults to enabled in local/dev (`NODE_ENV !== production`) unless `AUTH_BYPASS=false`.
- Instagram currently supports `direct` video/Reels mode only.
- YouTube currently supports `direct` video uploads only (uploaded as private by default).
- Facebook currently supports `direct` page video uploads only.

## TikTok Sandbox Troubleshooting

- `non_sandbox_target` means the currently logged-in TikTok account is not an allowed sandbox tester for your app.
- In TikTok Developer Console, add that exact account as a sandbox test user.
- Use a dedicated browser profile/incognito window for sandbox testing to avoid auto-signing with your normal account.
- Log out of TikTok in that window before starting OAuth, then log in with the sandbox tester account.
- Duplicate prevention uses idempotency hash (media + caption + mode + account).
- Retries are exponential backoff for retryable errors.
- Retry policy is provider-specific and configurable with `RETRY_*` env vars.
- Compose includes bulk caption tools (prepend/append/find-replace) and slideshow image reordering.
- Accounts page surfaces automated token-expiry warnings (`expires soon` / `needs reauth`).
- Providers with refresh support (TikTok, YouTube, Instagram/Facebook long-lived exchange) attempt automatic token renewal during uploads.
- Final job failures can push webhook notifications via `UPLOAD_FAILURE_WEBHOOK_URLS`.
